What Shen Rong
Shen Rong was captured by the Qin family
I didn't expect this either.
Dad, you are not the Temple of War
The purchasing manager of the lower and middle divisions?
Please help contact the Qin family.
You say something nice
What he caused himself
What can I do?
Uncle Ji
What Shen Long did today is indeed a bit too much.
But if you don't help him
He could have been killed
What wife?
Please save Xiao Rong
That's the Temple of Middle and Lower Battle, the Qin family stomps their feet
There will be an earthquake throughout the middle and lower levels.
What do you think I am?
Fairy?
Don't you always say that you have a big face?
I'm not that big-faced.
I told you to leave that kid alone
You have to listen
Causing such a big thing now
How can I save him?
You can kill me.
Dad, that kid is usually annoying
I don't know the sky is high
But this time he was also trying to save me
If not for him
I was bullied by the journey
Please move the relationship to help.
Husband, please save your nephew.
After all, he saved our daughter.
Okay, okay, I'll call now
I'm really convinced, I cheated Lao Tzu on the first day I came
Thank you husband
As long as you are willing to stop
Everything is fine.
Come back and see if I don't beat you to death
Mr. Shen, this way please
to die